on Friday April 25th at 8 p.m. at
Carnegie Hall the Sicilia chorus of
Newark will perform a quartet of pieces
Brahms Nanyang Bruckner today ohm
Vaughan Williams toward the unknown
region and the world premiere
performance of a newly commissioned
piece from New York composer Tom
Chappell oh his cradle for a secular
City I researched a little bit about
cecelia chorus and and what they do
and the bulk of their performances
centered around those great choral
master works that are based on New
Testament themes and indeed so much
choral repertoire is based on that so
then I decided
that I was going to write a cradle a
statement of belief that reflected more
closely the diversity of opinions that
one is likely to find in a chorus in
modern day
cradle movement keeps getting
interrupted by doubt little voices of
doubt that crop up in the chorus and
they whisper at first
tom is juxtaposing this idea of cradle I
believe and do Beto I doubt both from
the Latin and the chorus in real-time is
investigating this feeling
and the fugue itself keeps getting
interrupted by the Hallelujah Chorus by
the Brahms Requiem the for a requiem a
Mozart record all these different great
master works
that was a lot of fun tonight and I
can't wait to hear it and the poor
chorus has to sing it it's a it's a mad
scene for chorus it's a it's a brilliant
idea right and you think who would ever
write such a thing well Tom would write
so yeah okay the piece itself is a
journey it's a journey from belief to
doubt to reconciliation to acceptance
and finally to peace I hope
you